Docs (#1418)
Nexus-Mods/NexusMods.App: docs/misc/DrawbacksOfNexusApproach.md

This typically results in an increase in disk usage of 60-100% compared to regular game size.

> !!! tip "For a 100 GB game, an additional 60-100 GB of space will be used once 'managed' with the Nexus Mods App."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip "For a 10 GB game, an additional 6-10 GB of space will be used once 'managed' with the Nexus Mods App."
```
The games we are actually targeting are not that big. We will likely never backup 100 GB of game files.
